README info for the app created (#7)
sSlonIk/taxi-service: README.md

[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.com/den4eg007/taxi-service.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/den4eg007/taxi-service)
# Taxi service

> >Easy understanding service

Reviewer: let's better remove this line

 
![car](https://services.audi.ru/landings/audi-exclusive/img/models/a5-sportback/LC_PR_AEEXC096/2.png)
## The main goal:
******************************

>    The main goal of this project is to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main goal of this project is to 
```

show how easy it is to create your own taxi 
service with an authentication system and driver 
allocation for a specific car.

> #### Functions that may be useful for working with controls in this application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Functions that may be useful for controlling the logic of this application:
```

>- Create a new car / manufacturer / driver;
>- Display all cars / manufacturers / drivers;
>- Add driver to car;

> >- Remove driver from car;

Reviewer: how about displaying all cars of a particular driver that logged in?

> ## Project based on SOLID principles and 3-layer architecture:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Project is based on SOLID principles and 3-layer architecture:
```

******************************
>- Data access layer (DAO);
>- Application layer (services);
>- Presentation layer (controllers);

## Used technologies:
******************************
>- Java 11
>-  Maven 
>-  Maven Checkstyle Plugin
>-  Javax Servlet API 
>-  JSTL 
>-  JSP
>-  JDBC
>-  Apache Tomcat
>- HTML / CSS
>-  MySQL RDBMS
>-  DI(custom injector)

> >-  Log4j2

Reviewer: let's fix whitespaces

## Let`s go check the app :)

******************************
Just a few steps and go on:
- _Make a tea / coffee_;
1. Clone the project;
2. Configure your Apache Tomcat;
3. Install MySQL and MySQL Workbench; 
4. Create a schema and all the necessary tables by using the script from resources/init_db.sql in MySQL Workbench;

> 5. In the /util/ConnectionUtil.java change the URL, MYSQL_DRIVER, USERNAME and PASSWORD properties to the ones you specified when installing MySQL or you can use the ones that are already present;

Reviewer: will it work with the properties that you gave?
```suggestion
5. In the /util/ConnectionUtil.java change the URL, MYSQL_DRIVER, USERNAME and PASSWORD properties to the ones you specified when installing MySQL;
```

> 6. After starting tomcat go to http://localhost:your port that you specified while configuring tomcat;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. After starting tomcat go to `http://localhost:8080` (or other port that you specified while configuring tomcat);
```

> 7. Now you can use an app and see how it`s works;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Now you can use an app and see how it works;
```
